docs: Update Remix guide (#5702)
oven-sh/bun: docs/guides/ecosystem/remix.md

---

{% callout %}

> Remix Dev (`@remix-run/dev`) currently relies on Node.js APIs that Bun does not yet implement. The guide below uses Bun to initialize a project and install dependencies, but it uses Node.js to run the dev server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Remix dev tools (`@remix-run/dev`) rely on Node.js APIs that Bun does not yet implement. The guide below uses Bun to initialize a project and install dependencies, but it uses Node.js to run the dev server.
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the app. Any changes you make to `app/routes/_index.tsx` will be hot-reloaded in the browser.

{% image src="https://github.com/oven-sh/bun/assets/3084745/c26f1059-a5d4-4c0b-9a88-d9902472fd77" caption="Remix app running on localhost" /%}

---

To build and start the your app on the bun server, run `bun run build` then `bun start` from the project root. This will build your Remix app and start the server using `remix-serve`.

```sh
$ bun run build
$ remix build
 info  building... (NODE_ENV=production)
 info  built (158ms)
% bun start
$ remix-serve ./build/index.js
[remix-serve] http://localhost:3000 (http://192.168.86.237:3000)

> ```

Author: Figured it might be good to add a little section about running the build/server. Not sure though without an image if this will look strange. Happy to remove it if it doesn't seem worth including, just felt like it was missing
